All right, if you're in the back,
go ahead and find you a seat.
Um, I think time got away from us.
I looked up and I was like, Hey, I got
30 seconds and the next thing you know,
I look up and I've got four and a half.
Good job tech team.
You just reset the five minute timer.
. You thought I wouldn't catch
it if you did that long enough?
We would just pray and
leave . I'm sorry, I caught it.
Um, one of the things I do love about
our church is the community aspect of it.
So seeing that our tech team
recognize, Hey, everybody's
talking, let's do this another five.
Cool.
Like that's what we wanna be.
We wanna be a church that loves hanging
out, loves connecting, and obviously
we got to do that this morning.
So what you're telling me then, I've
gotta cut my preaching down five minutes.
Don't hold me to that.
. Um, so we are continuing
our series, uh, this week.
This is our third week of, he
Shall Be called, speaking about the
names of Jesus, the Coming Messiah.
Um, and so this week we're gonna
talk about Everlasting Father and the
translation that I'm reading today in
csb, it's gonna be The Eternal Father.
So we'll dive into that
a little bit deeper.
Um, but I wanna start off
by asking this question.
Anybody remember the energizer.
Energizer Bunny.
Yeah.
What was like the, the
statement of that commercial?
Anybody keeps going and going and going.
Here's the thing.
It's not true.
Uh, so the reason why I'm calling
that out is because there is nothing
that just keeps going on and on
and on forever except for God.
Uh, and I know this about the
Energizer Bunny and the batter.
The, the Energizer batteries is
because I used to play anybody play
the the we back, you know, in the
day maybe you're still playing that.
Um, back whenever Guitar
Hero was the thing.
Um, you know, I, I played a little bit of
it and it kept running outta batteries.
I kept having to throw
'em away and get new ones.
So it did run out.
It maybe was because I was playing
it too long, but what I would say
is that is not a true statement.
And as we'll look at today that everything
that we think is going to last forever
and going to give us complete fulfillment
in this life will always fall short.
But Jesus doesn't fall short,
and he is the everlasting father.
And so I want to talk today and just
kind of catch you up on where we were,
and that's what I've been doing every
week, is to make sure that we, if
you're new here, if you haven't been
here for every part of the series,
you kind of understand where we were.
But as we've continued this series,
the last two weeks, we've talked about.
Two other names of the coming Messiah,
and this is out of Isaiah chapter nine.
If you wanna pull that up on
your Bible or on your app, you
can, we'll have it up here.
This is out of a Isaiah.
Chapter nine will be in
verses six and seven.
But the, the, the first two names that
we talked about was, the first one was
Wonderful counselor, and so this is
the statement that we took out of this.
The wonderful counselor, the coming
Messiah, Jesus is above anything in the
world that we can comprehend when it
comes to guiding and directing our lives.
The next name that we learned about Jesus.
This coming Messiah was mighty God.
One of the coolest parts.
If you weren't here last week,
we really got to talk about how
mighty God has been in our lives.
Um, and, and just really even if we begin
to look into the Bible, we see how mighty
God was in the lives of so many people.
And it's easy to forget that.
And so here's what we took from that.
Jesus is stronger and more powerful.
Anything else that has
ever been created or made.
Jesus is above all and is all
knowing and control of everything.
Here's what I started
thinking through guys.
If we stopped with those two names and
we recognize Jesus as those two things
in our lives, it would change our lives.
If we stopped with those two things and
didn't change anything else, we didn't
learn anything else about God that
would be enough to change our lives.
Do you.
Here's the cool part.
There's more like, I love whenever
there's more yet you ever get to the,
like, the end of like eating your
candy and you think it's all gone and
you, you shake the box and there's
a couple more m and ms in there.
I like painting m and m's
and it's like, I get excited.
That's very minimal to how excited I
get about how when I learn more about
Jesus and I realize how much more there
is to God that, that we get to see.
And I, I hope that you see this today.
When we think about our relationships with
Jesus, I, I, I, I have this, this feeling
at times where even myself is very much
like sometimes our Bibles on the shelf.
Anybody ever have a Bible
on the shelf as decoration?
I mean, don't, don't, it's a
decoration because we've had so
many of them and they collect dust.
Why are they collecting dust?
It's because we, we don't
get into them anymore.
We don't learn more about
God, and, and I started think.
Our relationships with Christ and
this season of Christmas, and it's
so easy to prioritize everything else
but Jesus during Christmas season.
Why?
Because there's so much to do, so many
family dinners, so many, uh, presents
to buy so many places to travel, so
many decorations to put up, you name it.
And so we get so distracted
that Jesus become.
On the back burner of this season.
And then if it's not this season,
it's every season of our life
because of work and because of kids'
activities and because of you name it.
And so I, I think today as we dive back
into this and we learn about another
name of Jesus, I pray that all of us
lean in and whatever we learned today,
we take with us this week every day, and
we remind us how God relates with us.
So again, unlike the energizer,
Who doesn't last forever?
Or the Energizer batteries, right?
Jesus is our everlasting
father or our eternal father.
And so whenever we jump into this text,
we're gonna kind of mill it out a little
bit in the context, and then we will kind
of jump right into the Everlasting Father.
So let's read here again.
Isaiah chapter nine.
Uh, starting in verse
six, here's what it says.
This is for a child will be.
For us, a son will be given to us and the
government will be on his shoulders and he
will be named Wonderful counselor, mighty
God, eternal father and prince of peace.
The dominion will be vast in
its prosperity, will never end.
He will rain on the throne of David over
his kingdom to establish and to sustain
it with justice and righteousness.
From now on and forever.
The Z of the Lord of Armies
will accomplish this.
Let's pray.
Lord Jesus, we thank you so much again
for the opportunity to come together.
Open up your Word.
And begin to dive in to learn
more and more about you.
God, I am praying that today every
one of us has came with a heart open
and a mind open Lord, to learn and
to know you more and to be changed.
And Lord, as we leave outta here today,
as we go out changed, Lord, I pray
that we begin to live in that constant
relationship with you, Lord, where we
learn more about you, we apply it to
our lives, and we share it with others
so that their lives can be transformed.
God, help us continue to prioritize you
in this season and not forget what you've
done for us and how you've saved us, and
how you've forgiven us, and how you've
called us to experience an amazing life,
this side of heaven, and on the other.
And so, Lord, we just prayed
this in your heavenly name.
Amen.
So I want to jump in today
just kind of setting up here.
The book of Isaiah again is a prophet.
A prophet talks about.
The future.
Right.
And sometimes this can be
in the short future, right?
As he's talking specifically here, uh,
to the people of Israel, the people
of Judas specifically, but then he's
also talking futuristic into even
our time in this idea of the coming
Messiah and where I wanna jump in.
I've kind of jumped in at different
places each time about the history of.
Where this text is written from, and I'm
gonna jump in the history of Joshua, and
just to kinda catch you up with this.
So Joshua came right after Moses, right?
Moses led the people out of Egypt
to go experience the Promised
Land, but Moses was not able to
lead them into the Promised Land.
And so he wasn't able to do that.
So Joshua did that, and Joshua
led them into the promised Land.
And he was a valiant warrior, right?
He went in and he helped defeat
a lot of the people and he
got to the end of his life.
And there's a couple things he said.
And so what I want you to do, um, if
you, if you have your Bibles with you,
I'm gonna turn to Joshua chapter 24,
and I'm gonna read a couple things
for you to see, um, what they were
talking about at the end of Joshua's.
And then we're gonna talk about the
beginning of judges as well and see
what happened after, um, that as well.
And so, as long as I can find where
Joshua is, I should know that.
So Joshua chapter 24.
I'm gonna read verses 14 through 31.
So this is at the end of Joshua's life.
What I'm trying to do is lead us
straight into where Isaiah's talking.
So it came here at the end of Joshua 24.
They defeated a lot of their enemies,
and Joshua was at the end of his life.
And he says this, starting in verse 14.
He says, therefore, the
f uh, fear of the Lord.
So he is gathered all the people
of Israel, and this is what he
said, fear the Lord and worship
him in sincerity and truth.
Get rid of the gods of your father's.
Your father's worshiped beyond
the Yares River and in Egypt,
um, and worship the Lord.
But if it doesn't please
you to worship the Lord.
Choose for yourselves today, which
you will worship the gods of your
father's worshiped beyond the Yares
river on the God or the Gods of
Amorites and whose land you are living.
As for me and my house,
we will worship the.
And then the people replied, we will
certainly not abandon the Lord to
worship other gods for the Lord.
Our God brought us and our fathers
out of the land of Egypt and out of
the place of slavery, and performed
these great signs before our eyes.
He also protected us all along the way
we went and among the peoples whose lands
we traveled through, the Lord drove out
before us, all the peoples, including
the Amorites who lived in the land.
And we too shall worship the
Lord because he is our God.
But Joshua told the people, you
will not be able to worship the
Lord because he is a holy God.
He is a jealous God.
He will not forgive your transgressions
and sins if you abandon the.
And worship foreign gods, he
will turn against you and harm
you and completely destroy you.
And after.
And after he has been good to,
you know, the people answer,
Joshua, we will worship the Lord.
And Joshua then told the people, you
are the witnesses against yourselves.
You yourselves have chosen
to worship the Lord.
We are witnesses.
They said, then get rid of the foreign
gods that are among you and turn your
hearts to the Lord, the God of Israel.
So the people said to Joshua, we will
worship the Lord our God and obey.
On that day, Joshua made a covenant
for the people at shek and established
the statue in accordance for them.
And Joshua recorded these things in
the book of the law, and he also took
a large stone and he set it up under
the oak of the sanctuary of the Lord.
And Joshua said to all the
people, you see this stone?
You, it will be a witness to you
and to us for it is, um, heard all
the words the Lord has said to us,
and it will be a witness against
you so that you will not deny God.
And then Joshua sent the people
away each to his own inheritance.
We're almost done after these things.
The Lord's servant Joshua, son of
none, died at the age of 110 and they
buried him in the allotted territory.
Um, Timothy Sarah in the hill country
of Ephram, north of Mount Gas and
Israel worshiped the Lord throughout
Joshua's lifetime and during the
lifetime of the elders who outlived
Joshua, who had experienced all the
works of the Lord and done to Israel.
So let's just stop right there,
and I know there was a lot,
but I wanted you to see this.
Joshua was saying,
choose who you'll serve.
Oh, we'll, serve the Lord.
Make sure you choose who you'll serve.
Yeah.
We'll serve the Lord.
Are you sure?
You know what you're, yeah.
We're gonna serve the Lord.
All right.
I'm gonna set this stone up.
And every time you look at it,
you're gonna remember all the
things that God did for you.
Yeah.
We'll, worship the Lord.
Something happened between Joshua's
death and all the elders after him.
And this time where we're talking
about in Isaiah, something happened
and I wanna read Judges, which is
the book right next to that two,
seven through 11, lot shorter text.
And I wanna read this, so judges.
Seven through 11 is this,
the people worshiped the Lord
throughout Joshua's lifetime.
So it's kind of connecting this piece.
And during the lifetime of the elders
who lived, Joshua, outlived Joshua,
and they had seen all the Lord's great
works and what he had done for Israel,
Joshua's son and nun, the servant of
the Lord died at the age of 110, right?
We already read that.
They buried him in the territory.
The same thing here, but in the verse
10, it says The whole generation.
Was also gathered to their ancestors.
And after them, a generation rose
up who did not know the Lord and
the works he had done for them.
And the Israelites did what was
evil on the side of the Lord and
they worshiped the balls, and then
it continues to go on from there.
So what we see here is right after
Joshua died and all the elders died,
the people begin to reject God again.
Now you may.
See that you may look back and
say, how could they do that?
And if you've studied anything in
the Old Testament, God had done so
many amazing things in their life.
I'm wanting to connect these pieces.
There's a lot of work
to connect these pieces.
If you were here last week, we
talked about how mighty God is.
We wanna raise the banner of
how God good or how good God is.
But how quickly are we like the people
of Israel who walk away and we forget
and we forget and we worship other gods.
And you may say, but
there's no other gods in my.
We're not talking about idols, we're
talking about things that take the place
of God, the priority of God in our lives.
Connecting this piece to where Isaiah is
and just kind of summarizing this before
we move on is Isaiah is speaking to a
group of people who obviously rejected
the Lord and the Lord raised up judges.
To help restore them.
And then they would reject and
restore and all of a sudden
they said, we need a new king.
We, we need a king
actually, is what they said.
So the Lord gave them a
earthly king who failed them.
And then David was rose up as
king and he failed them as well.
And all these kings, after
all the way up to a, has.
Is where we are at here, and this is
where we see Isaiah speaking against
the people of Israel who is now two
people because they had broken up
and divided and saying, judgment is
coming, exile is coming in your life.
But here's the thing that I love about
God and how he speaks through prophets.
He doesn't just speak judgment.
He consistently speaks hope, right hope.
And I, I, I look at this and I, I'm
telling you as, as consistently, I
want people to know when they cross
the road, if they don't look both ways,
there's a chance they're getting hit.
So I want to make sure every
person understands the consequences
of doing things like that.
So the consequences of living apart
from God is obviously judgment, where
sometimes it's where God's going to bring
about punishment and exile you or do some
different things, but I love the part.
Of God's word that says
hope, which means this.
His goal is so, so that we can experience
hope and we can experience life,
and we can experience Jesus the way
that he has called us to experience.
Just like today when we're gonna talk
about how God is the everlasting God.
So that's a lot of background.
I know, but I'm hoping this
helps you understand the Bible.
I'm hoping, this is my prayer, that the
more and more that we keep referencing
the Old Testament, you'll go home and
you'll go, I don't remember that story.
And you'll begin to jump in and read and
get to know the Bible and understand it
more because that's how I started is I
just got interested and started studying.
So let's jump in here Everlasting
Father, as he's talking about this,
what does the Everlasting father mean?
It may sound logical to you.
Everlasting or eternal father obviously
means lasting or existing forever.
But I want to kind of
clarify a couple things.
Everlasting is this.
Everlasting means always been around.
Continuous existence.
So this coming Messiah existed before
time, and it existed at the end of time.
Then he uses this word father, and he's
not talking about like Father God, right?
When we think of God the father, he's
thinking father of a new creation.
When Jesus came to save us from our sins.
Every person that has given their life to
Jesus is now under his kingship, right?
He is over them.
He is the one that has
redeemed them and saved them.
And so he is now the
father of a new creation.
Those who have given
their lives to Christ.
And so this is the part where
you guys wondering, Hey, how,
how can this makes sense to you?
I, I love getting you
guys en engaged in this.
So I'm gonna ask a question.
When you think of father, and this doesn't
have to mean your father, was this to you?
Cuz I know if times were
coming from broken homes, maybe
your father wasn't this for.
But as you're thinking about what a
father should represent or what a father's
role is, somebody gimme some examples.
What is a father's role?
Protector.
What else?
Provider guidance.
Teacher leader.
Couple more.
What's love?
That's awesome.
What else?
Strength.
Because I think we could go on and
on and on and on, and at times when
we, when we think about father, and
again, if you've come from a difficult
home where maybe your father wasn't
this for you, it doesn't mean that
isn't what a father's supposed to be.
And when we think about the everlasting
or eternal Father, Jesus coming to
be our father king over our lives.
He is protector, he is provider.
He is caretaker and
teacher, and one who loves.
And these are things in which God has
given us to be able to experience.
Here's the important part on this side of
heaven, God has really given me a passion
and a desire to not only preach about
what we'll experience one day in heaven.
Guess what?
When we get there, we're gonna.
But right now, I believe
everlasting father means this
is meant to be experienced.
Now, every single day, this side
of heaven, we get to walk with
Jesus an everlasting Father.
That in the times of struggle
that he is my protector in the
times of need, he is my provider.
In the times of not knowing
what to do, he is my teacher.
He has the wisdom.
He is all knowing.
And I love how this is broken down for us
and how Jesus relates to us in this way.
And I, I think this, no matter what we
face in life, we can trust and know that
we have already experienced right now
the everlasting kingdom that God has
given us through relationship with Jesus.
We don't have to wait for heaven.
I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm challenging you
as I challenge myself every day.
God did not save you.
If you've given your life to Jesus.
God did not save.
To just sit there and wait for heaven.
God saved you for a purpose.
That's why our church as a whole, we've
said this, we exist to inspire hope,
the hope of Jesus by helping people
discover God's purpose for their life
through a relationship with Jesus.
We believe this.
Every single person that
has breath, good news.
I've seen every one of you breathe today.
I know some of you're really tired.
You were breathing, right?
So if you're breathing, you have
a purpose to fulfill this side of
heaven for the rest of your life
until you have an eternity with God.
So if you've given your life to Christ,
how do you experience that purpose?
By discovering that through a relationship
with Jesus, that relationship is coming
to know God as everlasting father,
wonderful counselor, mighty God, prince
of peace, all these different ways.
And that's why we spend time diving
into God's Word, not only on Sundays.
I encourage you to dive into God's
word during the week, and if you're
struggling to do that, I, I'll just
take a small snippet of your time.
If you need help, I have offered
it and I'll continue to offer it.
Let me know.
That's not embarrassing
to say, you need help.
What can I do to help?
Walk through a study with you,
give you some guidance, help
you stay accountable today?
And not only me, but we have a
lot of people in our church that
would love to come alongside.
In the same way.
Why?
Because we want to help you
discover God's purpose for your life
through relationship with Jesus.
That is who we are, and not
just on Sunday mornings.
Guys, what you hear today is
a small snippet of what God
wants you to experience as a
daily relationship with him.
Okay, let's not miss that.
I think so many times when we think about
this relationship with Jesus, we really
compare it very much to retirement.
Y'all know this, most of you're probably
preparing for retirement, you're saving
for retirement, and you're doing all this
work now to one day experience retirement.
And, and just so you know, like for
me, I started thinking about this.
I'm like 30 something
years away from retirement.
That's depressing.
But imagine, imagine.
If you thought of your relationship
with Jesus that way, man, I'm
just, I'm just waiting for heaven.
I'm just really waiting to experience
God as mighty God and, and a
wonderful counselor and an Everlast.
I'm just waiting, man.
How depressing would that be?
That's, that's not what God saved us for.
That's not what God sent Jesus for.
God sent Jesus so that we could have life.
Now.
Okay, I'm excited and I
think two more people are.
I hope you are excited that Jesus came
so that you can experience life now.
You wanna know why you may not be excited.
It's the same way.
Sometimes I'm not excited when
somebody tells me some good.
We don't fully know what that involves.
And the only way you'll know what
that involves is you start taking
steps of faith to experience it.
Uh, just full on testimony for me, when
I gave my life to Christ, I was super
pumped and I'm like, what do I do now?
And I just started diving in God's
word and, and you want just being
transparent cuz I know where you're at.
I got into God's word and, and
half the time I'm like, what is he?
With these big words.
I still don't even know how to say some
of these big words, but the more and
more time I spent with Jesus and the
more and more time I started taking
steps of faith to say, you know what?
I'm gonna try to do something here.
I'm gonna try to talk to somebody here.
I'm gonna try to invite somebody here.
I'm gonna try to start
pointing to somebody here.
God begin to help me experience him now.
And I'm still to this day getting
to experience more and more of God.
And I pray that as God has inspired
me, that you guys will be inspired
by God to experience that same.
That's what God has for us.
We don't have to wait for retirement to
experience the benefits of God's kingdom.
And here's the benefits of God's kingdom.
They're out of this world.
Just a note.
Okay, so here's the cool part.
Let's jump into verse seven a
little bit cuz I didn't do much of
that last week or the week before.
But verse seven even talks
about his everlasting father
or his everlasting dominion.
So here's what he says.
He says The dominion will be ba.
Right.
So when we think of VA larger than
anything, we can think, so his
dominion, his rule, his his ability
to be father is larger than anything
we can think of or even imagine.
And he says, and its
prosperity will never end.
As you begin to look at this
word prosperity, there's, there's
two things you begin to look at.
Number one is generosity.
And so God has this rain
or this everlasting.
Well, I say rule or dominion.
That will be generous.
God is generous with
everything he's given us.
These gifts, the desire of hope and
peace and comfort and forgiveness.
But there's another side of it
that I, I love this prosperity
actually translates into peace.
So think about this.
The eternal father, the
prince of peace, right?
His dominion will be vast and
it will bring about peace.
Who, who knows this?
You, you ever listen
to a, a beauty pageant?
I, I mean, I don't do that every weekend.
That'd be kind of weird.
. I don't know where I'm going with this.
Okay, , um, you'll, you, you'll get it.
Um, what, what do they say?
What would you ask for?
If you could get anything in the
whole wide world, what would it be?
World peace.
I, I mean, I, I think we all
understand that idea of like, we
want peace in our relationships.
We want peace in our finances.
We want peace in and in just everything
we do, do, do you know that God
brings about that even in the middle
of chaos, God can bring about peace.
So let's keep going.
It says his reign will be
over all of his people, right?
This is where he says his reign
will be over the throne of David and
over his kingdom and the throne of
David and over his kingdom is all
the people that are God's people.
And then he says, and to
establish and to sustain it.
So God did not say, Hey, I'm
gonna rule over this kingdom, and
they just gotta figure it out.
Here's what he says.
I'm going to establish it, which
means I'm going to be able to create
it by dying for people and allowing
them to be forgiven of their sin.
, but then he says, I'm going to
support it, which means, here,
here's the thing, he's our provider.
If you're saying, man, as I begin
to follow Christ, it's difficult,
I begin to follow Christ.
It's, I, I'm still trying
to figure this out.
You know what he says?
I'm here.
I will never leave you nor forsake you.
I will walk alongside you and I will
help you understand how to experience
more and more and more and more of.
And then he says this at the end, he
says, from now on until forever, the
zoo of the armies will accomplish this.
Right?
So his reign is from now on and
forever, now on and forever.
That's the part that I, I'm just telling
you, if you don't take anything else from
this message, wake up tomorrow and say,
God has has allowed me to experience him.
Now.
I don't have to wait for
eternity to experience.
So unlike the kings of the past,
right, we see that they have
failed the people of Israel.
And as we see here in Isaiah,
those kings had le uh, failed at
leading the charge in following God.
And I would say this today, we
are experiencing a struggle of
leadership across the board, no
matter who you care for, right?
We do not have good
kings or rulers in our.
Here's what I know.
We have one king and one ruler that
is always ruling and guiding us.
And through Jesus, he gave us a personal
relationship that we don't have to go
through a king to get to other than Jesus.
And so as I begin to think through
this, if I pulled this group and asked
you what you desired this side of
heaven, I believe you would say things
like peace on earth, blessings upon
blessings in your life, financially,
relationally, hope, forgiveness.
But I think at times this is.
You want?
I, I speak from experience.
I think at times what we do is we
look other places for fulfillment.
We look other places for fulfillment.
We spend mo most of our lives trying other
things to figure out how they fulfill us.
Lemme give you some examples,
number one, you know, if I'll
just get that next promotion.
I'm just gonna keep working hard
If I get that next promotion and
get that raise will be great.
Financially will be perfect.
Can, can I tell you, you're gonna get
on the other side of that promotion and
the other side of that raise, and you're
still gonna have something missing because
there's gonna be another promotion that
you need or another raise that you need,
because some things that you already have.
Well, sometimes we try to fulfill
ourselves by doing a couple
of different things, right?
We try to fulfill ourselves by man, with
our kids and, and don't, don't hate on
me, but there's sometimes with my kids
when they were younger, I'm like, I just
wish that they could wipe their own butts.
I mean, like, Right.
I mean, they could put on their own shoes
because there's four kids to put shoes on.
I mean, you guys know
what I'm talking about.
We, we wish it away.
And all of a sudden they get to
that point and there's something
more I wish that they would do.
And the next thing they know, they're out
of our house and now I'm not fulfilled
because I wish they were back in my house.
See, we, we, we, we want the
next thing to fulfill us.
And those things won't, and I'm not saying
you can't desire those things, but they
will never fully satisfy us or fulfill us.
Let.
Go from the side of weight loss.
You guys know that I coach, uh, and I
love CrossFit, but you know, at times,
even as a CrossFit coach, I struggle
to ever feel satisfied in my journey.
It's like you lose 20 pounds, but you
still have roles and like, what I gotta
do, I gotta eat better, I gotta do
more setups, but it just never fully
satisfies me because this side of heaven,
I'm not gonna have a glorious body.
Now I can pursue those things,
but those things don't fulfill us.
We are never satisfied with
worldly wealth or achieve.
So, where am I going with this?
How can we know Jesus as a everlasting
father and how he can help us
overcome these fleeting desires?
And in this season of Christmas
when we're pursuing all these
other things, but Jesus, how can
we understand the everlasting
Father can help us overcome this?
Realizing this, that the kingdom
that has been talked about in God's
Word is meant to experience now.
And if we'll begin to pursue
that relationship, we will
experience a God who gives us.
Peace, forgiveness, fulfillment,
contentment, purpose, and as we have
those fulfillments, it doesn't matter
if we get the Raz or not, doesn't
matter if we lose the 20 pounds or not.
It doesn't matter if our kids
ever can tie their shoes.
We are fulfilled and satisfied in Jesus
because he has changed us, because
he has given us the ability to have
a hope in the midst of dire struggle.
I mean, you guys know this.
It depends upon the season of life.
Some of you in this room are
dealing with financial struggles
right now, and you have no clue
how you're gonna come out of them.
God does, and God can provide
peace in the midst of that.
Some of you are having physical
struggles, you're going to the doctor
in a couple of weeks, and you're
wondering what is the outcome gonna be?
And you're wondering, can God be there?
Then?
Can God be provider then?
Yes, he can.
God can give you hope
even in the midst of unc.
You may be in this season, and I've
been thinking about this recently.
You may be in this season and you lost a
loved one during this season, and it is
hard to celebrate the season of Christmas
because they're not here anymore.
If you're struggling with grief, God
is present in the midst of that grief.
God says that he's the eternal everlasting
father and is present now and forever.
See when we begin to stop and remember,
and this is the part, if you'll
remember the part of red, maybe you
didn't cuz you were checking out.
Cause I was reading so many verses,
but in Joshua, he mentions this
stone that they set up and every
time you look at this stone, you
remember what God has done for you.
We need to start putting stones
in our life so that when we
struggle is God my provider.
We'll see that stone and
remember when God was provider.
And if you're struggling to ever
wonder if God's provided for.
Sometimes you need somebody else's
testimony to lean on until you have one.
I I, I'm being completely honest with you,
when I was young in my faith, it was hard.
It was hard to believe
God in some areas of life.
But you know what I
kept hearing people do?
People were sharing with
me where God showed up.
I began to reading God's word where God
showed up for David to defeat Goliath.
And I go, you know what?
If God can do that for them, he can
do it for me and I'm gonna trust him.
Knowing he will provide.
And now that I have that testimony
where God has provided, God has
healed, God has comforted and given
me the ability to forgive, and
people have forgiven me, praise God.
Now that I've seen that I need
these stones, these reminders,
God's word is that stone.
He is that reminder of who he is for us.
So let us remember again during Christmas
to not miss out on what God has for
us through a relationship with Jesus.
So as we kind of just conclude here,
I know we're, uh, probably even going
longer because I, I waited that extra five
minutes, but lemme just finish with this.
Most of us would probably catch
ourselves saying this, that we are
putting our trust at times in things
of this world that won't last forever.
Right?
I go back to that Energizer Bunny.
There are so many things in our lives.
We think that our careers define us.
We think that our money in our account
and how much we have defines us.
We think our relationships
define us and they don't.
Those things are good,
but they do not define us.
The only thing that will define
us is our relationship with Jesus.
I made this statement last week and
it just sinks in even more cuz I
ate a lot of junk food last night.
Do you know whenever you eat junk food,
you do not fulfill, feel fulfilled.
You feel a lot like what
I feel like this morning.
I'm dragged down a little bit.
I just feel like I need some substance.
I need some steak and some salad.
Okay, that's what I need this morning.
You can buy that for me after at noon.
No, I'm joking.
But think about this guys.
When we live our lives for the
world, for the things that will
never satisfy us, we are missing
out on the best that God has for us.
And when those things fade
away, where will our faith be?
Will Jesus be?
I start thinking back to the story of Job.
Job is a great example of was God
enough for him when God took away
everything and God was enough for him.
And so what we have learned over
the last three weeks that Jesus
is our wonderful counselor, right?
That he is above anything we could
ever experience, that he will walk
with us and help us get through
whatever we are going through.
When we think back about last
week that Jesus is a mighty God,
that he defeated death hell in the
grave, and that when we live for.
We will experience his mighty works.
When we think of Jesus as everlasting
father, we don't have to wait for eternity
to experience this relationship that he
can work in and through our lives now to
experience everything that he has for us.
And if you wanna know what is
in your inheritance, and so this
is what everybody wants to want.
If he's the king and one day we're
gonna experience an inheritance,
what does that inheritance is?
Well, we don't have to wait for
eternity to experience that inheritance.
We get to experience it.
Now.
What is it?
How do I know?
Go read.
The living will.
The more time that I spend time
in this word, I realize that
God loves me unconditionally,
and sometimes I'm hard to love.
Ask my wife.
God forgives me when I
feel like I'm unforgivable.
God gives me peace in the midst
of circumstances that some of
y'all would think would be crazy.
How do you even have peace in the midst of
that and how did I learn the inheritance
that I got by spending time with God?
Christmas is more than gifts and
Christmas trees, although I love them.
I think they're beautiful,
and I like enjoying.
Jesus is the greatest gift we'll
ever receive, and the cool party
is when the 26th hits and you
guys start returning gifts.
Jesus is still king when January 1st comes
and it's a new year, and you're wonder
Man, we're forever away from Christmas.
Jesus is still king, and his presence
and the presence that he gives us,
it's available to us every single day.
Don't miss out on.
I want you guys to know this, that if
you've come into this room and you have
not, you're not securing your faith, that
you haven't given your life to Jesus.
If you've ever wondered, man,
I, I maybe prayed the prayer.
I, I've went to church.
I don't know if I've
given my life to Jesus.
Do you know that there's never
been a greater they day than
today to give your life to Jesus?
It's simple, and the reason why I say
it's simple is because Jesus did all.
It just takes us confessing our need
for Jesus, repenting of our sins,
and saying that you trust in him
and that you begin to follow him.
And as you do that and you begin to
experience God, you'll never be the same.
And so I wanna invite you to do that.
And if you have questions about how to
give your life to Jesus, how to take next
steps in your faith with Jesus, I'm always
hanging out at the next steps table.
Most of you have my number at this
point, and if you don't come get
it, I want to share what it means
to have a relationship with Jesus.
But here's the other part is that if you
have come in here with a relationship
with Jesus, what's your take home?
Go out and experience
everything that God has for you.
Experience his salvation, his freedom,
experience, his love, his grace.
Begin to receive that and
understand that you will get it
forever more now and forever.
I'm gonna pray for us.
Lord Jesus, I'm so thankful, Lord,
for you, and I'm so thankful for this
time and your word to understand how
you are an everlasting father, that
you were born, um, through Jesus, but
Lord Jesus was there in the beginning
and Jesus is there in the end.
God, I pray that we do not forget
that you want us to experience in
a relationship with you now, that
we don't have to wait for eternity
to experience all the glorious.
Lord, they come with eternity.
God, I pray that, uh, if there's a
person in this room that is struggling,
struggling in their faith, maybe
they're struggling to, to, to whether
they should give their lives to you.
Lord, I pray that today they choose
to surrender, Lord, whatever it
is that they need to surrender
in order to, um, come to you.
God, I pray as well that, um, each one of
us in this room, Lord, that, that we begin
to just reflect during this time of in.
That we take time to just say, Lord,
what is it that you would have me
take home today from this message,
from the worship, whatever it is.
Lord, I pray that you revealed that
to each person and they begin to
live that out from this day forward.
God, you are worthy to be worshiped.
Uh, Lord, you're worthy to be praised
during the season of Christmas
because of everything that you did.
And God, I pray that we don't
leave outta here changed.
And so Lord, we just pray
this in your heaven name.
Newman.